Add `/webhooks` route (#3336)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/self_hosted/configure_meilisearch_at_launch.mdx

The webhook payload contains the list of finished tasks in [ndjson](https://github.com/ndjson/ndjson-spec). For more information, [consult the dedicated task webhook guide](/learn/async/task_webhook).

> The task webhook option is only available for self-hosted instances. If you are using Meilisearch Cloud, use the [`/webhooks` API route](/reference/api/webhooks) instead.

Reviewer: This is correct but it makes the Cloud experience sound inferior.

```suggestion
The task webhook option requires having access to a command line interface. If you are using Meilisearch Cloud, use the [`/webhooks` API route](/reference/api/webhooks) instead.
```
